{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Geneva;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Landscapes by Ruth S. Collins\
\
1. \'934 Birds\'94  16x20 acrylic on canvas\
	A favorite tree I see on my way to the post office, in all 	its Spring glory\
\
2. \'93Autumn Greens\'94 12x24 acrylic on canvas\
	The field alongside my driveway on the produce farm 	where I rent a house.\
\
3. \'93Back Yard Trees\'94 14x11 acrylic on canvas\
	I don\'92t mow my back yard very well. I don\'92t have 	neighbors.\
\
4. \'93Cabin on the Rolling Road\'94 16x20 acrylic on canvas \
	An authentic slave cabin which is part of historic 	Sotterley Plantation in Hollywood, MD.\
\
5. \'93Coming Back In\'94 12x16 acrylic on board\
	While enjoying lunch at waterfront Scheible\'92s Restaurant	in Ridge, MD, these fishermen were calling it a day.\
\
6. \'93In Dog We Trust\'94 27x18 acrylic on board\
	I couldn\'92t help picturing the dog just inside that opening 	in the siding, waiting to attack. This is at Calvert Marina 	in Solomons, MD\
\
7. \'93Lights Out at the Loma\'94 24x16 acrylic on board\
	The Loma used to be a movie theater in San Diego, and 	was converted into a bookstore. My friend took this	photo for me to use. I love neon.\
\
8. \'93New Rows\'94 18x12 acrylic on board\
	The field again - this time with Farmer Don at work on 	tractor.\
\
9. \'93Ramona\'92s Mail\'94 12x22 acrylic on board\
	Ramona is a town in CA, and my friend had seen this row 	of mailboxes before and wanted to share the scene with	me. Perfection!\
\
10. \'93September Colors\'94 12x16 acrylic on canvas\
	Another view of my driveway when the tick seed 	sunflowers are going crazy.\
\
11. \'93SMC Around the Bend\'94 24x38 acrylic on canvas\
	St. Mary\'92s College of Maryland. This is the view that 	greets you when have reached your destination.\
\
12. \'93Springtime in Baltimore\'94 22x28 acrylic on canvas\
	Sitting at a stoplight in downtown Baltimore, I looked 	over to see this boy in his hand-me-down shorts and bare 	feet.\
\
13. \'93Stop and Slow Traffic\'94 12x18 acrylic on board\
	I thought the oncoming cars would never get there. I 	think this guy was ready to go home.}